Merge docs branch into dev-master (#56)
vallenderlab/MicrobiomeR: README.md

# MicrobiomeR

An R package for microbiome analysis that incorporates [phyloseq](https://github.com/joey711/phyloseq), 

> [metacoder](https://github.com/grunwaldlab/metacoder), [taxa](https://github.com/ropensci/taxa), and [microbiome](https://github.com/microbiome/microbiome/) into a fully featured bioinformatics workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[metacoder](https://github.com/grunwaldlab/metacoder), [taxa](https://github.com/ropensci/taxa), and [microbiome](https://github.com/microbiome/microbiome/) in order to standardize and simplify common microbiome analysis methods and workflows.
```
